Link for my codepen project
https://codepen.io/hammed0630/pen/PoZobrL

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    it is html that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    its used for structure of the webpage that you're building
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attribute provides additional information about an HTML element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    main header for the page and can only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>
    7. What is an id? 
    id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    images
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    10. What is a class? 
    class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? only once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS describes how HTML elements should be displayed.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    .h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a #
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    #human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     line-spacing:;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
     letter-spacing:;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    with *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     by entering "/*" and closing with "*/"
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    by entering "pwd"
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
     by entering "ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    by entering "rm" and this is a permanent action unlike delteing from the GUI
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    every 20 mins 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add tl, clone, glit clone, git checkout b for new branch, 
    after making changes git add, commit, and push, and then pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 